chore: add download links for all samples (#520)
Esri/jsapi-resources: component-samples/map-components/samples/angular/README.md

# Map components Angular sample

> 📁 **[Click here to download this directory as a ZIP file](https://esri.github.io/jsapi-resources/zips/coding-components-sample-angular.zip)** 📁

Reviewer: @manugadde the links are mixed up for map and coding components.

```suggestion
📁 **[Click here to download this directory as a ZIP file](https://esri.github.io/jsapi-resources/zips/map-component-sample-angular.zip)** 📁
```

> 📁 **[Click here to download this directory as a ZIP file](https://github.com/Esri/jsapi-resources/blob/main/zips/map-component-sample-angular.zip)** 📁

Reviewer: @manugadde all map-component sample READMEs will need to be updated

```suggestion
📁 **[Click here to download this directory as a ZIP file](https://esri.github.io/jsapi-resources/zips/map-component-sample-angular.zip)** 📁
```

> 📁 **[Click here to download this directory as a ZIP file](https://github.com/Esri/jsapi-resources/blob/main/zips/map-component-sample-angular.zip)** 📁
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
📁 **[Click here to download this directory as a ZIP file](https://github.com/Esri/jsapi-resources/blob/main/zips/map-component-sample-angular.zip)** 📁

```
